Set IsMonotonic to true for opencensus sum (#3389)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- The `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` exporter fixes duplicated `_total` suffixes. (#3369)

> - The IsMonotonic is set to true for cumulative metric the OpenCensus bridge (`go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opencensus`). (#3389)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cumulative metrics from the OpenCensus bridge (`go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opencensus`) are defined as monotonic sums, instead of non-monotonic. (#3389)
```
